## Problems and Troubleshooting

*Problem: I transferred Monero to my wallet, but my balance is still 0*

**Available solutions**

**1**) Check if you copied the correct Monero Address 

**2**) Verify whether transaction actually arrived at your wallet / address by these steps:

    A. Go to the Settings page of the GUI and press on Show seed & keys. Subsequently,
    copy the private view key.
    
    B. Go to https://xmrchain.net/ blockexplorer
    
    C. Enter your transaction ID / hash.
    
    D. Now search the page for Decode outputs.
    
    E. Enter your private view key. In addition, enter your address in the second box.
    
    F. Press on decode outputs.
    
    G. If it shows "output true" it proves you correctly received your XMR
    
**3**)Verify if you are connected to the blockchain (using either remote nodes or local daemon;

If everything above checks out it's most likely a visibility bug, meaning that your Moneroj are in the correct place, but your wallet has not yet found them. The Monero GUI uses a local cache that can take a few seconds to refresh, especially on Windows. If this problem persists, try to reach our channels for support (see chapter V).

**4**) (Beware: There has been specialized malware designed to change any monero transfers you make into their wallet rather than wherever you are attempting to transfer. This is uncommon and specifically targets users of a specific trading platform and even more rare is nefarious bad actors on a private secure network changing the transfer address as you make the transfer to their own. This is HIGHLY unlikely. Best precautions are to not transfer large sums on monero while on an unsecured network or a secure network with potential nefarious bad actors.); More than likely it is some sort of visual glitch and will resolve itself. Don't panic until the consensus says it is time to panic. 
